DSMON-988  Improve DSM Messages role creation guide clarity (#31135)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_streams/messages.md

> You can verify your current permissions on your [Profile page][7].
> 
> The logs related permissions should be part of the "Datadog Standard Role".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify your current permissions on your [Profile page][7]. If you need to add the logs-related permissions, add them to the Datadog Standard Role.
```

To enable permissions, edit an existing role or create a new one on the [Roles page][8]. If you don't have adequate access to modify roles, contact your organization's administrator.

#### Creating a new role with permissions
Follow these steps to create a new role with the required permissions and assign it to users who need access to the Messages feature.

> ##### Step 1: Create a new role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### 1. Create a new role
```

1. Navigate to the [Roles page][8] in Datadog.
2. Click **+ New Role** in the top-right corner.
   <div class="alert alert-info">
   If you see "Read Only" instead of the "+ New Role button", you don't have permission to create roles. Contact your Datadog administrator for assistance.
   </div>
3. Enter a descriptive name for your new role (for example, "Data Streams Messages Access").
4. In the **Search Permissions** field, type `Data Streams Monitoring Capture Messages`.
5. Select the permission from the search results to enable it for this role.
6. Click **Save**.
7. Confirm your role was created successfully by searching for it in the roles list.

> ##### Step 2: Assign the role to users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### 2. Assign the role to users
```
